Modify rule S6865: Updated example, message and removed configuration part for now (#3551)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6865/kubernetes/rule.adoc

----

> The same can be achieved by setting `automountServiceAccountToken: false` in the service account's configuration:

Reviewer: Why is this removed?

Reviewer 2: Because we are not able to detect if there is a ServiceAccount next to the Pod at the moment.
We will create a follow up ticket to include this, when we have kubernetes cross-file analysis.

Reviewer: I see, thanks for clarifying!

> The automounting of service account tokens can be disabled by setting `automountServiceAccountToken: false` in the pod's specification or in the service account's configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The automounting of service account tokens can be disabled by setting `automountServiceAccountToken: false` in the pod's specification. Additionally, it can be disabled in the configuration of an accompanied service account.
```
